The title, including a rough storyboard.
	The Hunted
		The Hunted takes place entirely in the confines of the most elite hunting resorts in the world,
		The Lodge. As the Hunter, you arrive to test your hunting skills in an arena, made to favor the 
		game, with only a bow and some arrows. Your goal is to bag the deer in the arena before the time 
		runs out… or they kill you. As the Deer, you are all does that have been raised in captivity to 
		be more lethal than the average deer to provide a greater challenge for the hunters who dare test
		their skills in your arena. The goal for the Deer is to evade the Hunter until the time is up
		or to kill the Hunter.
		
		Right now, our primary goal for The Hunted is to create a fun, multiplayer based game to play 
		between four or less people. One player is chosen to be The Hunter while the remaining players are 
		The Deer. The Hunter must try to kill all of The Deer before the time runs out or The Hunter is 
		killed. The Deer are trying to survive until time runs out or trying to kill The Hunter. The 
		environment will be dangerous and interactable to make the game more strategy based but still 
		maintain the feeling of a fast-paced shooter.
		
A complete version of the game's story line.
	The Hunted takes place within the walls of the mysterious hunting resort known only as The Lodge.
	The Lodge is said to be located somewhere in the upper peninsula of Michigan, but no one knows for
	sure. It is also rumored that there are other resorts located throughout the world and the only way 
	be invited to them is to complete each resort's predecessor but no one has ever completed the first
	one. Within the confines of The Lodge is a diverse environment, known as The Playing Field, that has
	been strategically built to test the hunter's skills. The Playing Fields includes a lush forest, 
	flowing river, towering cliffs, unstable boulders and more. The Lodge has a small but strict set of 
	rules on what's allowed as weaponry in The Playing Field: You may only use a bow, arrows, knives,
	and small traps. Safety is not guaranteed in The Lodge. In fact most hunters who have received the 
	infamous invite are never seen again. The survivors can only tell of the harrowing experience that
	awaited them inside The Playing Field and that in the end it was them that escaped. What could these
	terrifying beasts be? They are simply does, as in female deer. That's right, deer have killed some
	of the most elite hunters in the world. Deer have the survivors cowering at the thought of entering
	the woods ever again. These deer were bred for perfection and then genetically enhanced to exceed 
	the limitations mother nature so cruely placed on them. The Lodge currently only uses does as the
	game in The Playing Field to make the hunt more interesting, and quite frankly, longer lived for 
	the hunter, but within the bowels of The Lodge's labs and breeding facilities who knows what they
	might contain. 
	
	The hunter known as The Hunter is among the most skilled in the world. His skill, along with his 
	acclaimed hunts of the most ferocious beasts on Earth, have earned him an invite to hunt at The 
	Lodge. The Hunter does not know what awaits him in The Playing Field, but he is ready.

	The Deer at The Lodge are very special. They are bred to be the best, genetically enhanced to be 
	even better, and trained to be a formidable force. The Deer became too strong over time and to avoid 
	making kabobs out of the hunters, the males had to be held back from The Playing Field. Now the does 
	are the only ones hunted at The Lodge… until someone proves it’s time to release the rest.


Any background information that will be provided to the user (perhaps to set mood, describe the historical 
or fictional context)
	The Hunted takes place entirely in the confines of the most elite hunting resorts in the world. As the 
	Hunter, you arrive to test your hunting skills in an arena, made to favor the game, with only a bow and 
	some arrows. Your goal is to bag the deer in the arena before the time runs out… or they kill you. As 
	the Deer, you are all does that have been raised in captivity to be more lethal than the average deer 
	to provide a greater challenge for the hunters who dare test their skills in your arena. The goal for 
	the Deer is to evade the Hunter until the time is up or to kill the Hunter.

The game's selling points (e.g. graphics, action, plot). I.e., what would make a game producer want to pay 
you to develop this game?
	The Graphics:
		The graphics are a big selling point of this game. In the end, the goal is to create an environment 
		that is as breathtaking as it is terrifying. We want the players to marvel at the beauty of the 
		scenery at times and be too scared to move at others.
	The Action:
		The action of The Hunted is the biggest selling point. We want fast-paced, on the edge of your seat 
		action that makes players come back for more. The map will be designed in such a way to provide good 
		flow and a constant feeling of being “in the action.” The last thing we want is for the player to be 
		bored at any point while playing The Hunted.
	The Re-Playability 
		Finally, we have the re-playability of the game. The Hunted is set up to be a game that friends come 
		back and play over and over again because it was so much fun beating each other to a bloody mess. We 
		also want to provide significantly different experiences between playing as the Deer and the Hunter 
		so that there’s always more to discover and do. 


A description of the primary modes of game play. E.g., your game might be primarily first-person, but have 
abstract modes when player is solving puzzle.
	There are two modes of gameplay. One where the player controls the hunter character, and one where the player controls
	one of the deer characters.
	
	Hunter mode:
		The hunter character is equipped with a bow, arrows, and a knife. These are given at the start of the game, and cannot
		be lost or broken. As of now, we are planning on simply having unlimited arrows for the hunter, but we may implement 
		an ammo count and extra ammo pickups if time commits. In addition, the hunter will be able to make use of the limited
		number of health pickups, which will be generated and placed around the map at the start of the game.
		
		The hunter UI will be primarily a third-person, over the shoulder camera view, with a health bar in the lower
		right corner. The hunter will also have the option to 'aim down sights' with the bow, shifting the camera to 
		first-person and slowing movement. If ammo counting is implemeted, the number of arrows the hunter has will also
		be in the lower right corner, next to the health bar.
		
		Good actions:
			Picking up health and ammo.
			Damaging the deer.
		
		Bad actions:
			Being damaged by the deer.
			Falling from height.
			Being damaged by environmental hazards.
		
	Deer mode:
		The deer characters have no equipment. They are also able to use the health pickups on the map.
		
		The deer UI will be similar to the hunter, in that it is a third person view, with a health bar in the lower right
		corner. The deer will always be third-person. Also, instead of an ammo count, next to the health bar the deer will
		have a cooldown timer for its special charge attack.
		
		Good actions:
			Picking up health.
			Damaging the hunter.
		
		Bad actions:
			Being damaged by the hunter.
			Falling from height.
			Being damaged by environmental hazards.
			
	Balance:
		Values to tweak:
			Health of hunter
			Health of deer
			Damage of arrow and knife attacks
			Damage of charge attack
			Damage of enviroment and falling
			Amount of health gained from pickups
	
A transition diagram (like a finite state automata diagram) for how the player moves between the primary game modes.
	As the game loads, one player will be randomly selected to play as the hunter The rest will play as the deer.
	
A description of all entities that will be in the game and how they behave.
	Can the player manipulate them? Do they act as obstacles? What is their purpose? (Are they related to a goal, 
	as an enemy, as scenery?)
	Enemies:
		Depending on which character is being played, the deer or the hunter are the enemies. They can damage and
		be damaged by the player.
	Pickups:
		Health pickup can be acquired from the map by the player, healing them a set amount of health points
		If implemented, the hunter will have ammunition pickups that give them more arrows
	Environment(active):
		Moving water will slow player if entered
		Cliffs over a certain height will be damaging to the player if they fall off
		Boulders and/or logs can be pushed over cliffs. If they land on an enemy, they will damage it
		Bushes can be entered by any character. If the character remains still in the bush, it is much more difficult
		to detect that character
	Environment(scenery):
		Trees can not be directly interacted with, but can be used by a player for cover, or to break line of sight 
		Rocks and boulders can be used in the same manner.
	

An inventory of artwork and models and how they will be used. If you are using sprites, indicate how many, and what 
 they are to represent. E.g, "a sprite-set to represent a running zombie", "background for the night mode", "model 
 of the climbing wall", "model of a cow", etc.
+	Hunter Model – For the Hunter character
+	Doe Model – For the Deer characters
+	Bow Model – The Hunter’s main weapon
+	Arrow Model – The bow’s ammo
+	Knife Model – The Hunter’s secondary weapon
+	Multiple Tree Models – To populate the forest
+	Multiple Bush Models – To populate the forest
+	Multiple Boulder Models – To create cliffs and to populate the forest
+	Grass Model – For tall grass
+	Bridge Model – For bridges
+	Wall Model – For the walls surrounding the play area
+	Elevator Model – To lower the hunter into the play area
+	Water Texture – For rivers/ponds
+	Lava Texture – For lava
+	Grassy Ground Texture – For the forest ground
+	Rocky Ground Texture – For the cliffs/non-grassy surfaces
+	Night Sky Texture – For the sky
+	Blood Texture – For blood
+	Main Menu Background – For the main menu

A statement of how the work will be divided among the group members. Some roles and assignments might be obvious, 
such as, "Matt will provide all the artwork listed in Section 3.4. Sue will provide the model for climbing walls." 
Other assignments can be tricky: "Matt will provide the scripts that allow the player to climb walls." In this 
last case, Matt might have to coordinate closely with Sue.

	The work will be divided up as evebly as possible between team members. Sean will 
	find, link and install any assets into the directory that may be useful for the game.
	This should be done by 11/13, when the map areas should be prett much complete with all
	boulders, water features and obstacles. Devin will work on the player models for the
	Hunter and for the Deer, the rough models should be done by 11/16. Player movement 
	should also be included with the rough player models. The completed player models, 
	including full player movement should be completed no later than 12/2. The weapon 
	models and should be sourced/designed by 11/20 with the ability to implement them
	into the game for testing with the player models. The HUD will be designed and worked 
	on by everyone, with the parts broken up to each person. This should be semi-completed
	by the time the beta is due. By 12/2, the player movement and designs should be
	fully working, (running, walking, falling down, standin up,...). By 12/7, the weapons
	should be fully working and implemented, (reloading, shooting,...). By 12/14, the due
	date, all of the bugs should be worked out and there shouldnt be any glaring issues
	with the game. It should be working and playable, and look half-decent.

A timeline for your future work on the project. Look at the work statement. Consider what each team member is to 
accomplish, and decide how to decompose those accomplishments into doable, measurable subtasks. Make your best 
guess as to how long each will take to accomplish. Note which subtasks are prerequisites to other subtasks. Now 
try to arrange those subtasks into a horizontal sequence for each team member. Imagine vertical lines through the 
sequences to serve as your benchmark deadlines.
	Create a Gannt chart for the schedule. Each row of the chart should be a measurable task, annoted with names 
	of the responsible team members. The columns indicate dates.
	
	Make a timeline: each row should be a date, at least one per week. For each date, list what tasks should be 
	completed by then, and who is primariliy responsible for meeting that benchmark.
	
	Example: "October 1: Matt will provide initial code for player movement. Player animation can be minimal. 
	Sue will provide models for walls and livestock. Tom will provide a terrain populated by trees and bushes."


Link to the gantt chart : https://drive.google.com/open?id=0BwWdkWsZy0g1WjM5Tmt6aVhWUkU

